setup mynetwork 10 10 0.1 0.7
addUser "Elon Musk" mynetwork
addUser "Bill Gates" mynetwork
addUser "Steve Jobs" mynetwork
addUser "Steve Wozniak" mynetwork
addUser "Bruce Wayne" mynetwork
addUser "Tony Stark" mynetwork
addUser "Abraham Lincoln" mynetwork
addUser "John Kennedy" mynetwork
addUser "Howard Shore" mynetwork
addUser "Robert Pattinson" mynetwork
addUser "Leonardo da Vinci" mynetwork
addUser "Beethoven" mynetwork
addUser "Mozart" mynetwork
addUser "Gandi" mynetwork
addUser "Henry Ford" mynetwork
addUser "Michael Phelps" mynetwork
addUser "Michael Jordan" mynetwork
addUser "Fidel Castro" mynetwork
echo " --- "
display mynetwork
echo " --- "
rideSimulation 1 5
rideSimulation 2 5
rideSimulation 3 5
rideSimulation 4 5
rideSimulation 5 5
rideSimulation 6 5
rideSimulation 7 5
rideSimulation "John Kennedy" 5
rideSimulation "Howard Shore" 5
rideSimulation "Robert Pattinson" 5
rideSimulation "Leonardo da Vinci" 5
rideSimulation "Beethoven" 7
rideSimulation "Mozart" 6
rideSimulation "Gandi" 2
rideSimulation "Henry Ford" 7
rideSimulation "Michael Phelps" 4
rideSimulation "Michael Jordan" 6
rideSimulation "Fidel Castro" 3
display mynetwork
endtest

